files in the root dir:
trialdefense nav updated
portfolio-details template only
office.html nav updated
nov2-events nav updated
nov-events nav updated
libray.html template only
legalcareer.html updated
legal.html template only
help.html updated
leader2.html updated
leader.html updated
jud.html updated
Jan3-events updated
jan2-events updated
jan-events.html updated
foia.html template
court.html template
claims.html updated
career.html template
appeals.html updated
access.html template 

public folder: starts here
memo-eight updated
memo-eightteen updated
memo-eleven updated
memo-fifteen updated
memo-five updated
memo-four updated
memo-fourteen updated
memo-nine updated
memo-nineteen updated
memo-one updated
memo-seven updated
memo-seventeen updated
memo-six updated
memo-sixteen updated
memo-ten updated
memo-thirteen updated
memo-three updated
memopstweleve updated
memo-twenty updated
memo-twentyone updated
memo-two updated
memoriam updated
mission-vision updated
reserve-page updated
seventeen-ops updated
strategy updated
twentysec-ops updated

legal-services folder
admin.html updated
faq.html updated
legal-page updated
our-program updated
pfa.html updated
pro-mission updated
procurement updated
report.html updated
tortClaim updated
victims.html updated

claims-service
asian.html updated
conus.html updated
europe.html updated
foreign.html updated
missionstate updated
usarcs.html updated

